What are you doing? Su Ran, why are you doing this to me?
Are you all right?
My stomach hurts.
Save our children
What do your eyes do?
I don't have it.
He just took it out and scratched himself
I didn't touch him.
Yan Ting, don't worry about Su Ran, I
Yingying, don't be sad.
There will be more children in the future
No.
This child was finally hired by me
I don't know if it will affect the marriage.
How can you say that?
Yan Qing will not be sorry for you in the future
Right, Yan Ting, take good care of your body first?
We'll talk about it later
It's all Su Ran's fault
Bitch will attack an innocent little life
Don't worry.
I won't let him go
I'll check this out.
I hope you don't interfere
Why are you still talking to Su Ran?
I just want my own affairs to be sorted out by myself
you
It seems that Yan Ting still can't forget Susan
Don't worry, as soon as you are discharged from the hospital, your uncle and Yan Ting will get the certificate.
I see what else he can do.